NX.md, before:

# Nx

Based on "Installation" at https://nx.dev/getting-started/installation

Install **Nx** (required for Nx Monorepos and Nx Cloud) globally as follows:

```
$ npm add --global nx@latest
```

To use **nx** directly, you can now just use:

```
$ nx --version
```

To update **nx**, run:

```
$ cd hatch-project/src/hatch_project
$ npx nx migrate latest # if nx has not yet been installed
$ nx migrate latest     # if nx has already been installed
```

Based on the provided repository structure and documentation, I'll help you run the Hatch project. The project appears to be set up as a React monorepo using Nx. Here are the steps to run it:


1. First, make sure you're in the root directory of the repository:
```bash
cd /path/to/your/repository
```

2. Install the dependencies:
```bash
npm ci  # This installs dependencies exactly as specified in package-lock.json
```

3. Install the Nx CLI globally (if not already installed):
```bash
npm install -g @nrwl/cli
```

Make sure you have a tsconfig.base.json file in your hatch-project/src/hatch_project directory. If not, create one:

```json
{
  "compileOnSave": false,
  "compilerOptions": {
    "rootDir": ".",
    "sourceMap": true,
    "declaration": false,
    "moduleResolution": "node",
    "emitDecoratorMetadata": true,
    "experimentalDecorators": true,
    "importHelpers": true,
    "target": "es2015",
    "module": "esnext",
    "lib": ["es2020", "dom"],
    "skipLibCheck": true,
    "skipDefaultLibCheck": true,
    "baseUrl": ".",
    "paths": {}
  },
  "exclude": ["node_modules", "tmp"]
}
```

Make sure you have a tsconfig.app.json file in your hatch-project/src/hatch_project directory. If not, create one:

```json
{
  "extends": "./tsconfig.base.json",
  "compilerOptions": {
    "outDir": "../../dist/out-tsc",
    "types": ["node"],
    "module": "esnext",
    "target": "es2015",
    "lib": ["es2020", "dom"],
    "sourceMap": true,
    "declaration": false
  },
  "exclude": ["**/*.spec.ts", "**/*.test.ts"],
  "include": ["**/*.ts"]
}
```

Make sure you have a project.json file in your hatch-project/src/hatch_project directory. If not, create one:

```json
{
  "name": "hatch_project",
  "$schema": "../../../node_modules/nx/schemas/project-schema.json",
  "sourceRoot": "hatch-project/src/hatch_project/src",
  "projectType": "application",
  "targets": {
    "build": {
      "executor": "@nx/webpack:webpack",
      "outputs": ["{options.outputPath}"],
      "defaultConfiguration": "production",
      "options": {
        "outputPath": "dist/hatch_project",
        "compiler": "babel",
        "main": "hatch-project/src/hatch_project/src/main.ts",
        "tsConfig": "hatch-project/src/hatch_project/tsconfig.app.json",
        "webpackConfig": "hatch-project/src/hatch_project/webpack.config.js",
        "assets": [
          {
            "glob": "**/*",
            "input": "hatch-project/src/hatch_project/src/assets",
            "output": "assets"
          }
        ],
        "index": "hatch-project/src/hatch_project/src/index.html"
      },
      "configurations": {
        "production": {
          "optimization": true,
          "outputHashing": "all",
          "sourceMap": false,
          "extractCss": true,
          "namedChunks": false,
          "extractLicenses": true,
          "vendorChunk": false,
          "budgets": [
            {
              "type": "initial",
              "maximumWarning": "2mb",
              "maximumError": "5mb"
            }
          ]
        },
        "development": {
          "optimization": false,
          "sourceMap": true,
          "extractCss": false
        }
      }
    },
    "serve": {
      "executor": "@nx/webpack:dev-server",
      "options": {
        "buildTarget": "hatch_project:build",
        "hmr": true,
        "port": 4200
      },
      "configurations": {
        "production": {
          "buildTarget": "hatch_project:build:production"
        },
        "development": {
          "buildTarget": "hatch_project:build:development"
        }
      },
      "defaultConfiguration": "development"
    }
  }
}
```

Create a basic webpack.config.js file in your project:

```javascript
const { composePlugins, withNx } = require('@nx/webpack');

// Nx plugins for webpack.
module.exports = composePlugins(withNx(), (config) => {
  // Update the webpack config as needed here.
  // e.g. `config.plugins.push(new MyPlugin())`
  return config;
});
```

You can use the Nx generate command to create a new app in the ```hatch-project/src/hatch_project/apps``` directory. Here's how:

```
$ cd /hatch-project/src/hatch_project
$npx nx g @nx/react:app my-app --directory=apps/my-app
```

Or if you want to create it from the root directory:

```
$ npx nx g @nx/react:app my-app --directory=hatch-project/src/hatch_project/apps/my-app
```

This will:
- Create a new React application with all necessary files
- Set up the proper directory structure
- Configure webpack, TypeScript, and other dependencies
- Create default components and configuration files

4. To serve the application in development mode:
```bash
npx nx serve hatch_project
```

This will:
- Start a development server
- Usually be available at http://localhost:4200
- Auto-reload when you make changes

If that doesn't work, we might need to check if Nx recognizes the project:

```bash
npx nx show project hatch_project
```

5. Alternatively, if you want to build the application:
```bash
npx nx build hatch_project
```

For production build:
```bash
npx nx build hatch_project --configuration=production
```

To run tests:
```bash
npx nx test hatch_project
```

If you want to run multiple tasks in parallel (e.g., build all projects):
```bash
npx nx run-many -t build --all
```

To generate code:
```bash
npx nx g @nrwl/react:component my-component
```

Common issues and solutions:

If you get path-related errors, make sure your nx.json is properly configured with the correct paths for your nested structure:

```json
{
  "projects": {
    "hatch_project": {
      "root": "hatch-project/src/hatch_project",
      "sourceRoot": "hatch-project/src/hatch_project/src",
      "projectType": "application"
    }
  }
}
```

If you encounter issues with the Nx CLI, ensure it's properly installed:

npm install -g @nrwl/cli

2. If you get Nx Cloud connection issues, you may need to reconnect:

```bash
nx generate @nx/workspace:disconnect-cloud
nx connect-to-nx-cloud
```

3. If you need to clean the cache:

```bash
npm cache clean --force
```

Remember that all Nx commands should be run from the root of the repository where the nx.json file is located.

Commit message:

docs: Update NX.md with Nx serve command example
- Add example command for serving a Nx React application
- Provide concise instructions for running the generated app
- Enhance documentation with practical usage guidance

NX.md, after:

# Nx

Based on "Installation" at https://nx.dev/getting-started/installation

Install **Nx** (required for Nx Monorepos and Nx Cloud) globally as follows:

```
$ npm add --global nx@latest
```

To use **nx** directly, you can now just use:

```
$ nx --version
```

To update **nx**, run:

```
$ cd hatch-project/src/hatch_project
$ npx nx migrate latest # if nx has not yet been installed
$ nx migrate latest     # if nx has already been installed
```

Based on the provided repository structure and documentation, I'll help you run the Hatch project. The project appears to be set up as a React monorepo using Nx. Here are the steps to run it:


1. First, make sure you're in the root directory of the repository:
```bash
cd /path/to/your/repository
```

2. Install the dependencies:
```bash
npm ci  # This installs dependencies exactly as specified in package-lock.json
```

3. Install the Nx CLI globally (if not already installed):
```bash
npm install -g @nrwl/cli
```

Make sure you have a tsconfig.base.json file in your hatch-project/src/hatch_project directory. If not, create one:

```json
{
  "compileOnSave": false,
  "compilerOptions": {
    "rootDir": ".",
    "sourceMap": true,
    "declaration": false,
    "moduleResolution": "node",
    "emitDecoratorMetadata": true,
    "experimentalDecorators": true,
    "importHelpers": true,
    "target": "es2015",
    "module": "esnext",
    "lib": ["es2020", "dom"],
    "skipLibCheck": true,
    "skipDefaultLibCheck": true,
    "baseUrl": ".",
    "paths": {}
  },
  "exclude": ["node_modules", "tmp"]
}
```

Make sure you have a tsconfig.app.json file in your hatch-project/src/hatch_project directory. If not, create one:

```json
{
  "extends": "./tsconfig.base.json",
  "compilerOptions": {
    "outDir": "../../dist/out-tsc",
    "types": ["node"],
    "module": "esnext",
    "target": "es2015",
    "lib": ["es2020", "dom"],
    "sourceMap": true,
    "declaration": false
  },
  "exclude": ["**/*.spec.ts", "**/*.test.ts"],
  "include": ["**/*.ts"]
}
```

Make sure you have a project.json file in your hatch-project/src/hatch_project directory. If not, create one:

```json
{
  "name": "hatch_project",
  "$schema": "../../../node_modules/nx/schemas/project-schema.json",
  "sourceRoot": "hatch-project/src/hatch_project/src",
  "projectType": "application",
  "targets": {
    "build": {
      "executor": "@nx/webpack:webpack",
      "outputs": ["{options.outputPath}"],
      "defaultConfiguration": "production",
      "options": {
        "outputPath": "dist/hatch_project",
        "compiler": "babel",
        "main": "hatch-project/src/hatch_project/src/main.ts",
        "tsConfig": "hatch-project/src/hatch_project/tsconfig.app.json",
        "webpackConfig": "hatch-project/src/hatch_project/webpack.config.js",
        "assets": [
          {
            "glob": "**/*",
            "input": "hatch-project/src/hatch_project/src/assets",
            "output": "assets"
          }
        ],
        "index": "hatch-project/src/hatch_project/src/index.html"
      },
      "configurations": {
        "production": {
          "optimization": true,
          "outputHashing": "all",
          "sourceMap": false,
          "extractCss": true,
          "namedChunks": false,
          "extractLicenses": true,
          "vendorChunk": false,
          "budgets": [
            {
              "type": "initial",
              "maximumWarning": "2mb",
              "maximumError": "5mb"
            }
          ]
        },
        "development": {
          "optimization": false,
          "sourceMap": true,
          "extractCss": false
        }
      }
    },
    "serve": {
      "executor": "@nx/webpack:dev-server",
      "options": {
        "buildTarget": "hatch_project:build",
        "hmr": true,
        "port": 4200
      },
      "configurations": {
        "production": {
          "buildTarget": "hatch_project:build:production"
        },
        "development": {
          "buildTarget": "hatch_project:build:development"
        }
      },
      "defaultConfiguration": "development"
    }
  }
}
```

Create a basic webpack.config.js file in your project:

```javascript
const { composePlugins, withNx } = require('@nx/webpack');

// Nx plugins for webpack.
module.exports = composePlugins(withNx(), (config) => {
  // Update the webpack config as needed here.
  // e.g. `config.plugins.push(new MyPlugin())`
  return config;
});
```

You can use the Nx generate command to create a new app in the ```hatch-project/src/hatch_project/apps``` directory. Here's how:

```
$ cd /hatch-project/src/hatch_project
$npx nx g @nx/react:app my-app --directory=apps/my-app
```

Or if you want to create it from the root directory:

```
$ npx nx g @nx/react:app my-app --directory=hatch-project/src/hatch_project/apps/my-app
```

This will:
- Create a new React application with all necessary files
- Set up the proper directory structure
- Configure webpack, TypeScript, and other dependencies
- Create default components and configuration files

After creation, you can run it with:

```
$ npx nx serve my-app
```

4. To serve the application in development mode:
```bash
npx nx serve hatch_project
```

This will:
- Start a development server
- Usually be available at http://localhost:4200
- Auto-reload when you make changes

If that doesn't work, we might need to check if Nx recognizes the project:

```bash
npx nx show project hatch_project
```

5. Alternatively, if you want to build the application:
```bash
npx nx build hatch_project
```

For production build:
```bash
npx nx build hatch_project --configuration=production
```

To run tests:
```bash
npx nx test hatch_project
```

If you want to run multiple tasks in parallel (e.g., build all projects):
```bash
npx nx run-many -t build --all
```

To generate code:
```bash
npx nx g @nrwl/react:component my-component
```

Common issues and solutions:

If you get path-related errors, make sure your nx.json is properly configured with the correct paths for your nested structure:

```json
{
  "projects": {
    "hatch_project": {
      "root": "hatch-project/src/hatch_project",
      "sourceRoot": "hatch-project/src/hatch_project/src",
      "projectType": "application"
    }
  }
}
```

If you encounter issues with the Nx CLI, ensure it's properly installed:

npm install -g @nrwl/cli

2. If you get Nx Cloud connection issues, you may need to reconnect:

```bash
nx generate @nx/workspace:disconnect-cloud
nx connect-to-nx-cloud
```

3. If you need to clean the cache:

```bash
npm cache clean --force
```

Remember that all Nx commands should be run from the root of the repository where the nx.json file is located.
